date: Thursday 13 August 2020
participants: inishchith, polaris000, vchrombie
start time: 9:19:49 PM IST
end time: 10:13:53 PM IST
duration: 0:54:04 hours
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[9:19:49 PM IST] Join	You (~p0tt3r@2409:4070:2414:17a3:9858:ce0c:922f:1756) have joined the channel #grimoirelab.
[9:19:51 PM IST] Mode	Channel modes: no colors allowed, no messages from outside, topic protection
[9:19:51 PM IST] Created	This channel was created on 28/08/17 10:32 PM.
[9:30:35 PM IST] Join	inishchith (6ac957b8@106.201.87.184) has joined this channel.
[9:30:49 PM IST] <polaris000>	hi vchrombie and inishchith
[9:30:57 PM IST] <inishchith>	Hello everyone!
[9:31:01 PM IST] <polaris000>	i think valcos and dlumber won't be joining?
[9:31:02 PM IST] <inishchith>	how is it going?
[9:31:27 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Hi inishchith polaris000 :)
[9:31:39 PM IST] <vchrombie>	yes, both are on vacation
[9:31:46 PM IST] <polaris000>	we can begin then :)
[9:31:50 PM IST] <vchrombie>	awesome
[9:32:00 PM IST] <inishchith>	Okay. Cool.
[9:32:22 PM IST] <inishchith>	let's begin
[9:32:50 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ya I'll start with the work I did last week
[9:33:04 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so after completing the gitlab study
[9:33:38 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I started working on the githubqm enricher
[9:33:47 PM IST] <vchrombie>	https://github.com/vchrombie/gsoc/issues/19
[9:33:56 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so the planned metrics are completed
[9:34:06 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so I started working on the CHAOSS study
[9:34:17 PM IST] <vchrombie>	this is something we planned in the last coding period
[9:34:35 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ya, while going through the projects list
[9:35:30 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I felt comparing the grimoirelab and augur with evolution metrics wg projects
[9:35:36 PM IST] <vchrombie>	wouldn't be so great
[9:36:11 PM IST] <vchrombie>	as it is obvious the software repos will have higher activity compared to metrics
[9:36:50 PM IST] <vchrombie>	most of the activity for metrics wg happens in the weekly meeting and issue discussions (maybe)
[9:37:07 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so I planned to perform two different studies
[9:37:41 PM IST] <vchrombie>	one for software projects (grimoirelab, augur, cregit, etc) would go here
[9:38:01 PM IST] <vchrombie>	and one for all metric wg (evolution, d&i, rist, etc)
[9:38:31 PM IST] <vchrombie>	this way, the results will be much more convincing
[9:38:47 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so yea, I started the work for it
[9:39:29 PM IST] <vchrombie>	it almost took 11 and half hours for data collection :o
[9:39:50 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I left it last night and it was done by today
[9:40:20 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I seperated the projects and data enrichment is done too
[9:40:54 PM IST] <vchrombie>	now I have to work and make sample qms for testing with prosoul and enriched data
[9:41:42 PM IST] <vchrombie>	we have an specific charateristic in prosoul, which is called threshold, for each metric in a qm
[9:42:02 PM IST] <vchrombie>	basically it is used for assigning scores to projects
[9:42:32 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I used to use one set of score everytime (5,10,20,100,200)
[9:42:53 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I didn't knew much importance of it but ya got to know recenly
[9:43:16 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will check the enriched data ranges and assign the thresholds accordignly
[9:43:41 PM IST] <vchrombie>	this might need a few trials to get good results
[9:44:03 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so I might take sometime for this
[9:44:44 PM IST] <vchrombie>	but I might deliver the results by Saturday (or worst case, Sunday)
[9:45:27 PM IST] <vchrombie>	parallely, I have to work on the documentation regarding the project
[9:47:18 PM IST] Join	You (~p0tt3r@2409:4070:2492:af2a:9858:ce0c:922f:1756) have joined the channel #grimoirelab.
[9:47:23 PM IST] Notice	-ChanServ- [#amfoss] "Official IRC channel of Amritapuri FOSS"
[9:47:30 PM IST] Mode	Channel modes: no colors allowed, no messages from outside, topic protection
[9:47:30 PM IST] Created	This channel was created on 28/08/17 10:32 PM.
[9:47:41 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Hi
[9:47:44 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I am sorry
[9:47:55 PM IST] <polaris000>	hi vchrombie
[9:48:00 PM IST] <polaris000>	no issues
[9:48:05 PM IST] <inishchith>	vchrombie, is everything okay?
[9:48:14 PM IST] <vchrombie>	it is raining cats and dogs here
[9:48:28 PM IST] <vchrombie>	and a power cut from no where
[9:48:43 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I got my connection back, so we can continue the meeting
[9:48:58 PM IST] <inishchith>	Cool. no worries.
[9:49:07 PM IST] <inishchith>	you can continue
[9:49:08 PM IST] <vchrombie>	can someone point out the last message which was delivered
[9:49:18 PM IST] <inishchith>	> so I planned to perform two different studies
[9:49:26 PM IST] <vchrombie>	not sure where I lost it
[9:49:39 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ok thanks
[9:49:41 PM IST] <vchrombie>	got it
[9:49:48 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ya so so I planned to perform two different studies
[9:49:59 PM IST] <vchrombie>	one for software projects (grimoirelab, augur, cregit, etc) would go here
[9:50:11 PM IST] <vchrombie>	and one for all metric wg (evolution, d&i, rist, etc)
[9:50:25 PM IST] <vchrombie>	this way, the results will be much more convincing
[9:50:44 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so yea, I started the work for it
[9:50:52 PM IST] <vchrombie>	it almost took 11 and half hours for data collection :o
[9:51:03 PM IST] <polaris000>	haha
[9:51:17 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I left it last night and it was done by today
[9:51:28 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I seperated the projects and data enrichment is done too
[9:51:38 PM IST] <vchrombie>	now I have to work and make sample qms for testing with prosoul and enriched data
[9:51:57 PM IST] <vchrombie>	we have an specific charateristic in prosoul, which is called threshold, for each metric in a qm
[9:52:06 PM IST] <vchrombie>	basically it is used for assigning scores to projects
[9:52:25 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I used to consider one set of threshold everytime (5,10,20,100,200)
[9:52:35 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I didn't knew much importance of it but ya got to know recenly
[9:52:59 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will check the enriched data range and assign the thresholds accordignly
[9:53:22 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so that the results look better
[9:53:51 PM IST] <vchrombie>	in the previous case study, as I was using a threshold which was out of the bounds
[9:54:28 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Valerio pointed that and later I realised about it
[9:55:10 PM IST] <vchrombie>	this might need a few trials, so I might take sometime for this
[9:55:33 PM IST] <vchrombie>	but it should be done by Saturday (worst case Sunday)
[9:57:17 PM IST] <inishchith>	Okay, Great. Anything else?
[9:57:27 PM IST] <vchrombie>	yes, I have one thing
[9:57:57 PM IST] <vchrombie>	parallely, I have to complete the project documentation work
[9:58:00 PM IST] <vchrombie>	https://github.com/vchrombie/gsoc/issues/20
[9:58:21 PM IST] <vchrombie>	one good place for this is the Prosoul repository itself
[9:58:56 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so I'm also working on the document to write the workflow
[9:59:29 PM IST] <vchrombie>	you can expect a PR by tomorrow, later we can work on improvements through reviews
[9:59:52 PM IST] <vchrombie>	this was the work I was doing
[10:00:19 PM IST] <vchrombie>	for the next week, as we planned, I would devote the time for finalizing the enricher PR
[10:00:32 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I worked on tests but didnt update the PR, will do that
[10:01:49 PM IST] <vchrombie>	also we planned to work on some demo videos on how to use prosoul
[10:02:12 PM IST] <vchrombie>	and tutorials/walk-through videos
[10:02:32 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so I will work on these things
[10:03:03 PM IST] <polaris000>	sounds good vchrombie
[10:03:14 PM IST] <inishchith>	great.
[10:03:59 PM IST] <vchrombie>	:)
[10:04:08 PM IST] <vchrombie>	do you have any comments/suggestions
[10:04:17 PM IST] <vchrombie>	or anything you would like to discuss
[10:04:34 PM IST] <polaris000>	Nothing specific from me. inishchith?
[10:04:34 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I need one suggestion, will ask in the end
[10:05:11 PM IST] <polaris000>	ok vchrombie
[10:05:22 PM IST] <inishchith>	None, just at us when you need reviews, I miss out on notifications X(
[10:05:50 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Sure, I will ping in the hangout group or else tag you on github
[10:05:59 PM IST] <inishchith>	Great.
[10:06:35 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I have one question
[10:06:44 PM IST] <polaris000>	go ahead vch
[10:06:46 PM IST] <inishchith>	go ahead.
[10:06:53 PM IST] <vchrombie>	how do I need to write the project final report
[10:06:55 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I mean
[10:07:15 PM IST] <vchrombie>	does it need to be like a collection of summaries of all the weeks
[10:07:31 PM IST] <polaris000>	I would suggest a detailed description of
[10:07:37 PM IST] <polaris000>	each section of your project
[10:07:46 PM IST] <polaris000>	with relevant pr's and issues
[10:07:46 PM IST] <vchrombie>	or is it like like explaning the project and write how you have acheived the results
[10:07:56 PM IST] <polaris000>	along with demo video
[10:08:17 PM IST] <polaris000>	a combination of both?
[10:08:34 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will bring up this both topic in the next week too, but since we have some time today
[10:08:38 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I thought of asking
[10:08:43 PM IST] <polaris000>	basically, a comprehensive summary of your project would be good
[10:08:52 PM IST] <polaris000>	what do you think inishchith?
[10:09:15 PM IST] <polaris000>	no issues vchrombie. happy to discuss
[10:10:01 PM IST] <inishchith>	agree with polaris000,
[10:10:12 PM IST] <inishchith>	vchrombie, you can use mine as a ref > https://nishchith.com/blog/2019/08/coding-period-3-11.html
[10:10:19 PM IST] <polaris000>	vchrombie: you can have a look at our posts
[10:10:23 PM IST] <inishchith>	polaris000, you can share yours too
[10:10:26 PM IST] <inishchith>	that would be great
[10:10:29 PM IST] <polaris000>	sure
[10:10:29 PM IST] <vchrombie>	thanks
[10:10:34 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I have them
[10:10:41 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I bookmarked them :P
[10:10:51 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so that I can use in the end
[10:10:54 PM IST] <inishchith>	Awesome!
[10:11:02 PM IST] <polaris000>	ok, great
[10:11:09 PM IST] <vchrombie>	:D
[10:11:23 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ok then
[10:11:26 PM IST] <inishchith>	You can keep it as detailed as you want, make sure you share a draft (for reviews)
[10:11:39 PM IST] <vchrombie>	okay
[10:11:43 PM IST] <inishchith>	Let us know how it goes.
[10:11:45 PM IST] <polaris000>	good point inishchith
[10:11:54 PM IST] <inishchith>	Okay then. Anything else?
[10:11:55 PM IST] <vchrombie>	thanks for that, I didn't have this in mind
[10:12:06 PM IST] <vchrombie>	(about the draft and reviewing it)
[10:12:23 PM IST] <vchrombie>	that would be definetly helpful
[10:12:26 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will do that
[10:12:28 PM IST] <inishchith>	Great work until now vchrombie.
[10:13:04 PM IST] <vchrombie>	thanks :)
[10:13:05 PM IST] <inishchith>	polaris000 you want to add anything?
[10:13:15 PM IST] <inishchith>	or we can end the meeting if everyone agrees.
[10:13:18 PM IST] <polaris000>	no i think that's all from my side
[10:13:24 PM IST] <polaris000>	we can end it here then
[10:13:26 PM IST] <inishchith>	(y)
[10:13:27 PM IST] <vchrombie>	awesome then
[10:13:41 PM IST] <vchrombie>	will see you next Thursday
[10:13:47 PM IST] <inishchith>	Bye everyone
[10:13:47 PM IST] Quit	inishchith (6ac957b8@106.201.87.184) has left this server (Remote host closed the connection).
[10:13:49 PM IST] <polaris000>	bye all!
[10:13:53 PM IST] Part	polaris000 (~polaris00@124.123.165.17) has left this channel ("Konversation terminated!").
[10:13:53 PM IST] <vchrombie>	bye!
