date: Friday 19 June 2020
participants: polaris000, vchrombie, dlumbrer, valcos, inishchith
start time: 8:36:52 PM IST
end time: 9:26:43 PM IST
duration: 0:49:51 hours
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[8:36:52 PM IST] Join	You (~p0tt3r@2409:4070:200d:7839:7582:e225:92f4:15e6) have joined the channel #grimoirelab.
[8:36:54 PM IST] Mode	Channel modes: no colors allowed, no messages from outside, topic protection
[8:36:54 PM IST] Created	This channel was created on 28/08/17 10:32 PM.
[8:36:58 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Hi everyone
[8:37:10 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I am really sorry for the delay. :(
[8:37:20 PM IST] <valcos>	Hi Venu, no worries
[8:37:23 PM IST] <valcos>	how are you doing?
[8:37:24 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I had a connection problem in the last moment.
[8:37:29 PM IST] <dlumbrer>	Hi all!
[8:37:29 PM IST] <valcos>	Hi everybody!
[8:37:32 PM IST] <polaris000>	no issues vchrombie
[8:37:36 PM IST] <polaris000>	Hi all!
[8:37:40 PM IST] <inishchith>	Hi everyone!
[8:37:42 PM IST] <polaris000>	Should we start then?
[8:37:46 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I'm doing good valcos. I hope everyone is doin well.
[8:38:02 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Yes, I will start with the work what I did in the last week.
[8:39:11 PM IST] <vchrombie>	So, as planned, I worked on the gitlabqm enricher last week.
[8:39:27 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I had an implementation already in mind, so I was able to complete it.
[8:39:46 PM IST] <vchrombie>	There were a few mistakes though, valcos pointed them and I fixed them.
[8:40:17 PM IST] <vchrombie>	link to the PR
[8:40:17 PM IST] <vchrombie>	https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-elk/pull/892
[8:41:11 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I completed the second iteration too
[8:41:32 PM IST] <vchrombie>	it pretty much works well
[8:41:48 PM IST] <valcos>	great!
[8:41:50 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I have tested it across a few gitlab projects too.
[8:41:58 PM IST] <valcos>	I would keep adding things on that PR
[8:42:10 PM IST] <valcos>	testing, but also other qm enrichers
[8:42:24 PM IST] <valcos>	once everything is stable we can merge it to the codebase
[8:42:27 PM IST] <vchrombie>	sure no problem
[8:42:27 PM IST] <valcos>	wdyt?
[8:42:45 PM IST] <vchrombie>	the current implementation can be improved too
[8:42:59 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I am working on adding the merge requests support too
[8:43:33 PM IST] <vchrombie>	once it is done, I will refactor and make it more organized and I will try to make it a bit less complicated if possible
[8:44:06 PM IST] <valcos>	ok, great
[8:44:19 PM IST] <inishchith>	Sounds good.
[8:44:59 PM IST] <polaris000>	excellent, vchrombie
[8:45:36 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I have some screenshots of the generated data output
[8:45:54 PM IST] <vchrombie>	https://github.com/vchrombie/gsoc/issues/5
[8:46:02 PM IST] <vchrombie>	you can view them here
[8:47:02 PM IST] <valcos>	nice
[8:47:12 PM IST] <vchrombie>	link to the actual issues
[8:47:12 PM IST] <vchrombie>	https://gitlab.com/gitlab-org/gitlab-markup/-/issues
[8:47:38 PM IST] <vchrombie>	as you can see 18 opened issues :D
[8:47:46 PM IST] <vchrombie>	it was a good learning
[8:48:01 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I went wrong in many places, and corrected myself
[8:48:19 PM IST] <valcos>	nice
[8:48:42 PM IST] <vchrombie>	also, valcos suggested to try performing an assessment with prosoul
[8:49:12 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I created a small qm with only 2 issue metrics
[8:49:39 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I was successful in making an assesment, but the dashboards still seem empty
[8:50:21 PM IST] <valcos>	good!
[8:50:34 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I need to check it, I will do it this week
[8:50:36 PM IST] <valcos>	did you inspect the index generated by prosoul?
[8:50:50 PM IST] <dlumbrer>	ok!
[8:50:55 PM IST] <vchrombie>	yes valcos, I will get some results on that
[8:51:24 PM IST] <valcos>	ok, thanks
[8:51:47 PM IST] <valcos>	if the assessment worked fine
[8:52:00 PM IST] <valcos>	you can inspect the data via the discoverer
[8:52:09 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I have added some visualizations
[8:52:18 PM IST] <vchrombie>	in another comment
[8:52:19 PM IST] <vchrombie>	https://github.com/vchrombie/gsoc/issues/5#issuecomment-646694753
[8:52:31 PM IST] <vchrombie>	you can check the last image in the comment
[8:53:25 PM IST] <vchrombie>	it is the data table which shows the score and raw_value from the generated scores index
[8:53:45 PM IST] <valcos>	perfect
[8:53:45 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ya, I was able to check it through discover too
[8:53:58 PM IST] <vchrombie>	but ya, I wanted to try out visualizations :P
[8:55:01 PM IST] <valcos>	I'm looking for images of the quality model dashboard
[8:55:07 PM IST] <valcos>	developed in crossminer
[8:55:35 PM IST] <valcos>	(it can be used as a reference to try out visz ^^)
[8:55:54 PM IST] <vchrombie>	haha, ok fine
[8:55:59 PM IST] <vchrombie>	that sounds interesting too
[8:56:26 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I was mostly concentrating only on this because the enrichers part is really important for the project
[8:56:48 PM IST] <vchrombie>	and implementing one enricher would give a good idea for the further work
[8:57:49 PM IST] <valcos>	yes! good idea!
[8:58:09 PM IST] <polaris000>	I agree
[8:58:14 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will try to complete the merge request support by this weekend
[8:58:33 PM IST] <vchrombie>	and I was thinking to start a new enricher in the next week
[8:59:14 PM IST] <vchrombie>	as we planned, we can go for git and pipermail
[8:59:20 PM IST] <vchrombie>	WDYT?
[8:59:28 PM IST] <valcos>	that would be great!
[8:59:46 PM IST] <dlumbrer>	nice!
[9:00:01 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will parallely work on improving this enricher too
[9:00:10 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I meant the gitlabqm enricher
[9:00:20 PM IST] <polaris000>	sounds good vchrombie
[9:02:09 PM IST] Quit	polaris000 (~polaris00@124.123.75.129) has left this server (*.net *.split).
[9:02:10 PM IST] Quit	inishchith (dfe59cee@223.229.156.238) has left this server (*.net *.split).
[9:02:11 PM IST] Quit	dlumbrer (028a6ffd@253.red-2-138-111.dynamicip.rima-tde.net) has left this server (*.net *.split).
[9:02:23 PM IST] Join	inishchith (dfe59cee@223.229.156.238) has joined this channel.
[9:02:23 PM IST] Join	dlumbrer (028a6ffd@253.red-2-138-111.dynamicip.rima-tde.net) has joined this channel.
[9:02:23 PM IST] Join	polaris000 (~polaris00@124.123.75.129) has joined this channel.
[9:02:50 PM IST] <valcos>	I've just shared a screenshot on the hangouts group
[9:03:06 PM IST] <valcos>	you can try to create an heatmap
[9:03:08 PM IST] <vchrombie>	yes, I just saw
[9:03:16 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ya heatmaps and bar charts
[9:03:20 PM IST] <valcos>	yes
[9:03:27 PM IST] <inishchith>	valcon I'm not in the group. Can you add me?
[9:03:32 PM IST] <inishchith>	valcos
[9:04:41 PM IST] <valcos>	I see you in the group
[9:04:44 PM IST] <vchrombie>	can you check once again inishchith ?
[9:04:57 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I removed and added you back in the group
[9:05:23 PM IST] <inishchith>	Got it now. Thanks!
[9:06:02 PM IST] Quit	alpgarcia[m] (alpgarciam@gateway/shell/matrix.org/x-dluwyyeyvblssedx) has left this server (Ping timeout: 256 seconds).
[9:06:02 PM IST] Quit	jsmanrique (jsmanrique@gateway/shell/matrix.org/x-sxohxiingoowerhw) has left this server (Ping timeout: 256 seconds).
[9:06:32 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Cool
[9:06:42 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so, by this weekend
[9:06:59 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will try to finish up an enricher
[9:07:19 PM IST] <valcos>	nice!
[9:07:45 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I was thinking of having a video call or something so that I can show how the enricher works and how to create a qm, perform an assessment.
[9:07:54 PM IST] <valcos>	+1
[9:08:04 PM IST] <vchrombie>	or maybe a screen record to show the whole process
[9:08:18 PM IST] <valcos>	maybe next time we can have the meeting via google hangouts?
[9:08:20 PM IST] Quit	GeorgLink11 (georglinkm@gateway/shell/matrix.org/x-vtqjnlwncabjrstq) has left this server (Ping timeout: 244 seconds).
[9:08:59 PM IST] <vchrombie>	thats feasible to me
[9:09:42 PM IST] <inishchith>	Sounds good valcos
[9:09:48 PM IST] <polaris000>	works for me too
[9:10:02 PM IST] <dlumbrer>	+1!
[9:10:15 PM IST] <vchrombie>	thats a yes from everyone :D
[9:10:35 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ok then, we will have a hangouts call next Thursday
[9:10:49 PM IST] <vchrombie>	and I can show the demo of the work I did till now
[9:11:18 PM IST] <valcos>	nice!
[9:12:05 PM IST] <vchrombie>	:)
[9:12:52 PM IST] <vchrombie>	for the coming week, I will work on the new enrichers git and pipermail parallely improving the gitlab after the review
[9:13:07 PM IST] <valcos>	perfect!
[9:13:22 PM IST] <vchrombie>	awesome
[9:13:31 PM IST] <polaris000>	excellent vchrombie
[9:13:38 PM IST] <vchrombie>	do you have any more suggestions or comments
[9:14:15 PM IST] <valcos>	yes
[9:14:22 PM IST] <valcos>	if you find it useful
[9:14:57 PM IST] <valcos>	when working on the new enrichers
[9:15:04 PM IST] <valcos>	you can close the PR #892
[9:15:18 PM IST] <valcos>	and create a new one
[9:15:28 PM IST] <valcos>	(which includes the work done on that PR)
[9:16:00 PM IST] <valcos>	in this way we get rid of old comments and focus only on the new code
[9:16:32 PM IST] <valcos>	does it make sense?
[9:16:43 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ya I got it, one doubt
[9:17:42 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so when I start working on git enricher, I can close the gitlab one #892 and add both the enrichers to the new PR
[9:18:11 PM IST] <valcos>	yes
[9:18:32 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ok so if I proceed on to third enricher, hehe
[9:18:56 PM IST] <vchrombie>	then close the previous one and move to the third one
[9:19:07 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I mean is this a recurring process
[9:20:07 PM IST] <vchrombie>	or is it like for just this iteration
[9:20:33 PM IST] <valcos>	it is a recurring process
[9:20:37 PM IST] <vchrombie>	if it is a recurring process, so in the end, we will be on a single PR with different qm enrichers
[9:20:46 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ok perfect, works for me :)
[9:21:02 PM IST] <valcos>	as an example: https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-elk/pull/653
[9:21:18 PM IST] <valcos>	the last comment links to another PR
[9:21:45 PM IST] <valcos>	https://github.com/chaoss/grimoirelab-elk/pull/669, the last comment links to another PR
[9:21:46 PM IST] <valcos>	and so on
[9:22:05 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ok nice, the review process will be a bit smooth
[9:22:14 PM IST] <vchrombie>	as we get rid of previous comments
[9:22:19 PM IST] <valcos>	yes!
[9:22:25 PM IST] <vchrombie>	yup, thats perfect valcos
[9:22:37 PM IST] <valcos>	and this let us refine the previous code if needed
[9:22:56 PM IST] <valcos>	(e.g., moving methods to the parent class)
[9:22:58 PM IST] <vchrombie>	yes yes, got the point
[9:23:05 PM IST] <valcos>	ok, cool :)
[9:24:00 PM IST] <valcos>	something else to discuss?
[9:24:11 PM IST] <vchrombie>	thats it from my side :)
[9:24:58 PM IST] <polaris000>	nothing else from my side as well...
[9:25:24 PM IST] <inishchith>	same here
[9:25:35 PM IST] <dlumbrer>	and here :)
[9:26:05 PM IST] <polaris000>	Thanks for your time everyone!
[9:26:08 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I think we can close the meeting
[9:26:13 PM IST] <vchrombie>	thanks for attending
[9:26:16 PM IST] <valcos>	thank you for your time
[9:26:17 PM IST] <polaris000>	Lets meet next thursday on Hangouts!
[9:26:22 PM IST] <inishchith>	Bye everyone!
[9:26:23 PM IST] <vchrombie>	see you next Thursday on the call :)
[9:26:27 PM IST] <valcos>	bye!
[9:26:29 PM IST] <polaris000>	Bye
[9:26:31 PM IST] <dlumbrer>	thank you, see u next thursday!
[9:26:40 PM IST] Quit	dlumbrer (028a6ffd@253.red-2-138-111.dynamicip.rima-tde.net) has left this server (Remote host closed the connection).
[9:26:42 PM IST] Quit	inishchith (dfe59cee@223.229.156.238) has left this server (Remote host closed the connection).
[9:26:42 PM IST] <vchrombie>	adios
[9:26:43 PM IST] Part	polaris000 (~polaris00@124.123.75.129) has left this channel ("Konversation terminated!").
