date: Thursday 6 August 2020
participants: vchrombie, dlumbrer
start time: 8:31:26 PM IST
end time: 9:07:34 PM IST
duration: 0:36:08 hours
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[8:31:26 PM IST] Join	You (~p0tt3r@49.206.36.162) have joined the channel #grimoirelab.
[8:31:28 PM IST] Mode	Channel modes: no colors allowed, no messages from outside, topic protection
[8:31:28 PM IST] Created	This channel was created on 28/08/17 10:32 PM.
[8:32:38 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Hello! :)
[8:33:22 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Hi "vchrombie" (https://matrix.to/#/@freenode_vchrombie:matrix.org) ! How are you doing?
[8:33:38 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Hi dlumbrer :)
[8:33:49 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I am doing good. :)
[8:33:52 PM IST] <vchrombie>	How are you btw?
[8:34:14 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> I'm doing great !
[8:34:22 PM IST] <vchrombie>	awesome!
[8:34:43 PM IST] <vchrombie>	today, Valerio Aniruddha and Nishchith might not join
[8:35:08 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Yeah, so we can start if you want!
[8:35:18 PM IST] <vchrombie>	also Nishchith was proposing if we can change the meeting timings from the next meeting
[8:36:12 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Oh, I didn't know that, what time?
[8:36:23 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I was about to send a message in the group
[8:36:46 PM IST] <vchrombie>	+-1 hour
[8:36:57 PM IST] <vchrombie>	The current timings are
[8:36:57 PM IST] <vchrombie>	17h to 18h (CEST) or 20h30 to 21h30 (IST)
[8:37:05 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Ok, perfect. Let's discuss it there then
[8:37:08 PM IST] <vchrombie>	+1 hour means
[8:37:08 PM IST] <vchrombie>	18h to 19h (CEST) or 21h30 to 22h30 (IST)
[8:37:08 PM IST] <vchrombie>	-1 hour means
[8:37:08 PM IST] <vchrombie>	16h to 17h (CEST) or 19h30 to 20h30 (IST)
[8:37:13 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ok, sure
[8:37:21 PM IST] <vchrombie>	that would be better :)
[8:37:34 PM IST] <vchrombie>	we will discuss about the timings in the group itself
[8:37:44 PM IST] <vchrombie>	We can now start the meeting then.
[8:37:47 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Perfect
[8:37:51 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Yes
[8:38:04 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will start with the work I did last week
[8:38:25 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I worked mostly on the gitlab org study
[8:38:50 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I faced a few errors which are minor implementation flaws
[8:39:04 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I fixed them and I will update the PR too
[8:39:28 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Perfect!
[8:39:32 PM IST] <vchrombie>	in between there was some peculiar error too
[8:40:08 PM IST] <vchrombie>	which was related to a few items which were generated before search_fields feature was added
[8:40:26 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I had to apply a few hacks and I completed it
[8:40:55 PM IST] <vchrombie>	but I want to bring up the discussion and thought of discussing a few things
[8:41:13 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so opened the issue https://github.com/vchrombie/gsoc/issues/18
[8:41:26 PM IST] <vchrombie>	feel to check it and discuss when you are free
[8:41:30 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Do you plan to do it in the github issue?
[8:41:41 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Oh, perfect!
[8:42:34 PM IST] <vchrombie>	So, I finished the study
[8:42:44 PM IST] <vchrombie>	results are here, https://github.com/vchrombie/gsoc/issues/13#issuecomment-669236168
[8:43:14 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I wrote a few conclusions/results which can be extracted from the dashboards
[8:43:38 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will update them in the same issue, so that you can look at them and validate them
[8:43:59 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will upload the dashboard and results to the incubator so that you can have more close look
[8:44:13 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I forgot about it earlier, will do it by tonight
[8:44:17 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Sounds good!
[8:44:28 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Ok, no worries
[8:44:53 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Once after we finish validating, I plan to tweet about them :)
[8:45:27 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Hahaha, I will retweet it :)
[8:46:12 PM IST] <vchrombie>	thanks :D
[8:46:25 PM IST] <vchrombie>	also I got some time to look into the github enricher
[8:46:34 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I started working on it
[8:47:08 PM IST] <vchrombie>	metrics discussion https://github.com/vchrombie/gsoc/issues/19
[8:47:46 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Nice üëç
[8:48:05 PM IST] <vchrombie>	this is the plan for the coding period 3
[8:48:06 PM IST] <vchrombie>	https://github.com/vchrombie/gsoc/issues/17
[8:48:29 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so this week, I'm expected to complete the work on enrichers
[8:48:57 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I shifted the slack enricher to wishlist, as I'm not sure if I would get time
[8:49:17 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I don't want to pull some time from the coming weeks
[8:49:49 PM IST] <vchrombie>	but I will surely work on it if I get time or probably after gsoc
[8:50:08 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Is that ok?
[8:50:51 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> I agree with your plan
[8:51:20 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Let's see if the other mentors have something to say about it
[8:51:36 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> (I guess that they will notice us when they read this log)
[8:52:01 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I felt documentation and videos part are equally important, so I will decide the full time to them in the coming weeks
[8:52:29 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Ya, also I will message about it in the group too
[8:53:06 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Yeah, as you know, the prosoul tutorial video is important to me :D
[8:53:48 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Yup, I would surely work on it. :)
[8:54:17 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I had this in mind during the application period itself
[8:54:41 PM IST] <vchrombie>	to make a tutorial video similar to that of the installation one
[8:55:22 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Nice nice
[8:56:14 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Ya, so this is the work done till now
[8:56:25 PM IST] <vchrombie>	coming to what is planned for the next week
[8:56:46 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I can complete the work on github enricher by this weekend
[8:57:07 PM IST] <vchrombie>	So, as per the plan, I will start working on the documentation for the project
[8:57:49 PM IST] <vchrombie>	for the next week
[8:58:35 PM IST] <vchrombie>	A few areas where I felt the documentation should be improved was
[8:59:23 PM IST] <vchrombie>	grimoirelab-elk, this would be updated within the PR
[8:59:56 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Ok, sounds good to me
[9:00:39 PM IST] <vchrombie>	also, grimoirelab-sirmordred
[9:00:51 PM IST] <vchrombie>	enricher configurations would go here
[9:00:55 PM IST] <vchrombie>	also, https://github.com/Bitergia/prosoul/tree/master/doc
[9:01:16 PM IST] <vchrombie>	now that we have a workflow for everything
[9:01:33 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Prosoul with GrimoireLab can be improved
[9:01:50 PM IST] <vchrombie>	maybe with the steps how the whole process would work
[9:02:39 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will be opening an issue in the project-traker soon, so that we can discuss more on this
[9:03:18 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Agree
[9:04:19 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Well, that's it from my side. :)
[9:04:29 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Do you have any comments or suggestions
[9:04:47 PM IST] <vchrombie>	on the work or some specific issue
[9:05:18 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Nice "vchrombie" (https://matrix.to/#/@freenode_vchrombie:matrix.org) , I don't have something to add, everything is clear :)
[9:05:53 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Okay, that's sounds good. :)
[9:06:09 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> We can close the meeting, right?
[9:06:46 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Yes, we can close it early today
[9:07:11 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Ok, perfect! Good work "vchrombie" (https://matrix.to/#/@freenode_vchrombie:matrix.org) !
[9:07:12 PM IST] <vchrombie>	see you next week, will update about the timings in the group
[9:07:18 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> See u next week! :)
[9:07:24 PM IST] <vchrombie>	thanks dlumbrer
[9:07:34 PM IST] <vchrombie>	adios :)
