date: Thursday 23 July 2020
participants: dlumbrer, valcos, polaris000, inishchith, vchrombie
start time: 8:23:13 PM IST
end time: 9:40:27 PM IST
duration: 1:17:14 hours
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

[8:23:13 PM IST] Join	You (~p0tt3r@2409:4070:429b:e7e:ad81:c218:f19:eff6) have joined the channel #grimoirelab.
[8:23:17 PM IST] Mode	Channel modes: no colors allowed, no messages from outside, topic protection
[8:23:18 PM IST] Created	This channel was created on 28/08/17 10:32 PM.
[8:25:07 PM IST] Join	polaris000 (~polaris00@124.123.172.130) has joined this channel.
[8:30:15 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Hi everyone
[8:30:22 PM IST] Join	inishchith (b6460dcc@182.70.13.204) has joined this channel.
[8:31:01 PM IST] <valcos>	Hi Venu
[8:31:04 PM IST] <valcos>	Hi everyone
[8:31:06 PM IST] <inishchith>	Hi everyone!
[8:31:14 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Hi everyone!
[8:32:16 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I hope everyone is good. :)
[8:32:24 PM IST] <polaris000>	Hi all!
[8:33:03 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Hi polaris000
[8:33:15 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I think everyone has arrived, we can start the meeting
[8:34:03 PM IST] <valcos>	sure!
[8:34:08 PM IST] <polaris000>	yes
[8:34:12 PM IST] <inishchith>	yep
[8:34:18 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> go!
[8:34:22 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Ok
[8:34:32 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will start with the work I have done last week
[8:34:51 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I completed pipermail, meetup implementations
[8:35:02 PM IST] <vchrombie>	also I had two metric pending in gitlab
[8:35:06 PM IST] <vchrombie>	completed them too
[8:35:31 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I started workig on adding tests to the enrichers
[8:36:21 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I didn't complete them, but you can expect them to be completed by this weekend
[8:36:28 PM IST] <vchrombie>	or max by Monday
[8:36:47 PM IST] Join	mafesan (~mafesan@241.red-83-54-244.dynamicip.rima-tde.net) has joined this channel.
[8:37:13 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I haven't added any new work to the old PR
[8:37:35 PM IST] <valcos>	did you have time to check the comments on the PR?
[8:37:36 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I thought of opening a new one in extension to this
[8:37:59 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ah my bad
[8:38:08 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I totally missed it
[8:38:32 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I just checked that you have reviewed it 3 days back
[8:38:40 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I am really sorry
[8:39:03 PM IST] <valcos>	no worries! :) you can address the comments in the new PR
[8:39:10 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ya sure
[8:39:28 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will address them and then open a new PR with the current work too
[8:40:07 PM IST] <vchrombie>	thanks for reminding valcos :)
[8:40:20 PM IST] <vchrombie>	you can expect a new PR by tomorrow
[8:40:35 PM IST] <valcos>	ok, perfect! :)
[8:40:54 PM IST] <vchrombie>	other than that, I also worked on making a proposal for pycon es and a few other conference
[8:41:10 PM IST] <vchrombie>	valcos is helping me in making a good proposal :D
[8:41:35 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I am making a small ppt too so that I can add it as reference in the proposal
[8:41:45 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will share with you all once it is done :)
[8:42:13 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> nice!
[8:42:15 PM IST] <polaris000>	excellent, vchrombie and valcos!
[8:42:26 PM IST] <inishchith>	nice!
[8:42:37 PM IST] <vchrombie>	:D
[8:42:46 PM IST] <valcos>	^^
[8:43:00 PM IST] <vchrombie>	in addition to that
[8:43:21 PM IST] <vchrombie>	valcos also helped me by uploading the raw data to the incubator
[8:43:33 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so that I can use for the gitlab.org pilot study
[8:44:02 PM IST] <vchrombie>	otherwise it would take almost a week for me to complete the study
[8:44:18 PM IST] <vchrombie>	now it will be done in two days
[8:44:27 PM IST] <vchrombie>	:P
[8:44:54 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will try to generate a dashboard similar to the previous study
[8:45:02 PM IST] <vchrombie>	and share the results too
[8:45:23 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will work on this tomorrow and the day after
[8:45:27 PM IST] <polaris000>	excellent, and thanks valcos! vchrombie let us know in the hangouts when you're done!
[8:45:37 PM IST] <polaris000>	^group
[8:46:09 PM IST] <vchrombie>	so that I can include a few (sneak peek) results in the ppt for pycon es proposal
[8:46:15 PM IST] <vchrombie>	sure polaris000
[8:47:49 PM IST] <vchrombie>	does that sound ok?
[8:48:04 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I felt it would make the proposal look a bit more attractive
[8:48:20 PM IST] <valcos>	good idea!
[8:48:21 PM IST] <polaris000>	yes, sounds good to me...
[8:48:32 PM IST] <inishchith>	sure. sounds good.
[8:48:37 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> yeah!
[8:49:02 PM IST] <vchrombie>	next comes about the quality modesl
[8:49:06 PM IST] <vchrombie>	models*
[8:49:08 PM IST] <vchrombie>	https://github.com/vchrombie/gsoc/issues/16
[8:49:28 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I have opened this issue for discussions about creating new qms with extracted metrics
[8:49:40 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will write a mail by this weekend to Jesus
[8:49:55 PM IST] <vchrombie>	asking for help and suggesting some ideas regarding it
[8:50:04 PM IST] <vchrombie>	asking to suggest*
[8:50:23 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> good, I talk to him about this :)
[8:50:30 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> talked*
[8:50:38 PM IST] <vchrombie>	oh thats nice to hear
[8:51:17 PM IST] <vchrombie>	now it is more easy to explain the context in the mail
[8:51:23 PM IST] <vchrombie>	thanks dlumbrer :)
[8:51:55 PM IST] <vchrombie>	you all keep an eye on the discussion and feel free to comment if you have any thoughts on it
[8:52:06 PM IST] <polaris000>	sure vchrombie
[8:52:32 PM IST] <vchrombie>	also if you anyone who would interested to help, it would be great if you can bring them on this issue if they agree to help
[8:53:22 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I think thats it from my side
[8:53:35 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will list out the work for the next week
[8:54:03 PM IST] <vchrombie>	1. address the old PR and open a new one with the updated work (will be completed by tomorrow)
[8:54:35 PM IST] <vchrombie>	2. start performing the pilot study (will try to complete this by weekend)
[8:55:04 PM IST] <vchrombie>	3. work on tests and complete it
[8:56:02 PM IST] <vchrombie>	4. complete the proposal, ppt, video whatver required for submission (shd be done be weekend)
[8:56:33 PM IST] <vchrombie>	also apply for a few others using the almost same content
[8:57:00 PM IST] <vchrombie>	valcos suggested one more, pydata global
[8:57:07 PM IST] <vchrombie>	and then there is pycon india
[8:57:20 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I will be submitting the proposals for these conferences
[8:58:32 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> sounds good!
[8:58:36 PM IST] <vchrombie>	if I complete the tests soon, I will start focusing on a new data source
[8:58:38 PM IST] <polaris000>	ah yes, I was wondering how you didn't mention pycon india!
[8:58:48 PM IST] <vchrombie>	:D
[8:58:49 PM IST] <polaris000>	*yet
[8:58:55 PM IST] <polaris000>	:)
[8:59:09 PM IST] <vchrombie>	if I complete the tests soon, I will start focusing on a new data source
[8:59:18 PM IST] <vchrombie>	as planned, I will start with github
[8:59:29 PM IST] <vchrombie>	the metrics should be almost same as gitlab ones
[8:59:43 PM IST] <vchrombie>	:thinking:
[9:00:37 PM IST] <vchrombie>	anyway I will open a new issue for discussion regarding it
[9:00:45 PM IST] <vchrombie>	we can discuss over there at that time
[9:01:28 PM IST] <valcos>	perfect!
[9:01:33 PM IST] <polaris000>	sounds good!
[9:01:37 PM IST] <inishchith>	Great.
[9:01:55 PM IST] <inishchith>	Sorry guys, I'll have to leave now for another meeting will catch up next week.
[9:02:06 PM IST] <inishchith>	and on the meeting logs.
[9:02:12 PM IST] <valcos>	ok! bye inishchith
[9:02:14 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Sure inishchith, thanks for attending.
[9:02:23 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> by inishchith
[9:02:23 PM IST] <inishchith>	Thansk! Bye everyone!
[9:02:26 PM IST] Quit	inishchith (b6460dcc@182.70.13.204) has left this server (Remote host closed the connection).
[9:02:49 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I think thats it from now side, do you have any comments or anything to be discussed
[9:02:49 PM IST] <valcos>	since next week we will enter in the last coding period (https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/timeline), it may be convenient to define a roadmap for these last weeks
[9:03:05 PM IST] <valcos>	wdyt?
[9:03:19 PM IST] <vchrombie>	that sounds great
[9:03:31 PM IST] <vchrombie>	we have planned a few items
[9:03:41 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> I agree valcos
[9:03:58 PM IST] <vchrombie>	i.e, completed work on github enricher and pilot study on CHAOSS org
[9:04:07 PM IST] <polaris000>	yes!
[9:04:27 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I we can plan a roadmap including these things too
[9:04:33 PM IST] <valcos>	sure, good idea
[9:05:09 PM IST] <valcos>	let's list the things left to do
[9:05:25 PM IST] <valcos>	github enrichers
[9:05:27 PM IST] <valcos>	gitlab study
[9:05:35 PM IST] <valcos>	meetup enricher
[9:05:55 PM IST] <valcos>	pipermail enricher
[9:05:57 PM IST] <valcos>	tests
[9:05:59 PM IST] <valcos>	documentation
[9:06:10 PM IST] <valcos>	chaoss study?
[9:06:28 PM IST] <vchrombie>	yes, chaoss study is fine
[9:06:46 PM IST] <valcos>	talks/presentations
[9:07:03 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I have completed the work on pipermail and meetup enrichers, just that I didnt add to PR but we can map anyway
[9:07:13 PM IST] <valcos>	ok, perfect
[9:07:23 PM IST] <polaris000>	sure vchrombie
[9:07:26 PM IST] <polaris000>	sounds good
[9:07:52 PM IST] <valcos>	quality models templates (the issue you commented earlier)
[9:07:59 PM IST] <vchrombie>	yes
[9:08:12 PM IST] <valcos>	something else to add?
[9:08:35 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I have one thing
[9:08:57 PM IST] <vchrombie>	as we thought about it earlier
[9:09:14 PM IST] <vchrombie>	if we complete github enricher, we can go for adding another one
[9:09:24 PM IST] <vchrombie>	slack could be a good choice
[9:09:27 PM IST] <vchrombie>	wdyt?
[9:10:08 PM IST] <valcos>	yes, that's a good idea
[9:10:19 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Agree!
[9:10:19 PM IST] <valcos>	the point is that we need data to test it
[9:10:27 PM IST] <valcos>	it would be good to find some open slack instance
[9:10:50 PM IST] <valcos>	otherwise we can create one for free
[9:10:52 PM IST] <valcos>	and test it
[9:11:10 PM IST] <vchrombie>	:D
[9:11:19 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ya that's feasible
[9:11:50 PM IST] <valcos>	ok, perfect!
[9:11:54 PM IST] <vchrombie>	we will plan it during that time
[9:12:15 PM IST] <valcos>	something else to add to the todo list?
[9:12:47 PM IST] <vchrombie>	umm, I had this idea
[9:13:18 PM IST] <vchrombie>	of making small demo to show how to use prosoul
[9:13:38 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I would be making one video demo anyway in the end
[9:13:46 PM IST] <vchrombie>	but do we need any extra videos?
[9:14:17 PM IST] <valcos>	that's a good idea
[9:14:28 PM IST] <valcos>	the video could be part of the summary of your work
[9:14:40 PM IST] <valcos>	the last post in your blog
[9:14:47 PM IST] <vchrombie>	yes, something which shows the end prodcut
[9:15:03 PM IST] <valcos>	perfect
[9:15:19 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I saw in the last year gsoc posts of polaris000 and inischith
[9:15:39 PM IST] <polaris000>	haha, yes we had done that
[9:16:07 PM IST] <valcos>	ehehe
[9:16:20 PM IST] Quit	martinus__ (~martin@132.31.201.77.rev.sfr.net) has left this server (Ping timeout: 260 seconds).
[9:16:40 PM IST] <valcos>	did you find it useful polaris000/inischith
[9:16:44 PM IST] <valcos>	?
[9:16:57 PM IST] <polaris000>	yes
[9:17:00 PM IST] <polaris000>	its much easy to show others
[9:17:02 PM IST] <valcos>	if so, you could help vchrombie on the video making, with tips and your experience
[9:17:08 PM IST] <polaris000>	than for them to read the whole post
[9:17:09 PM IST] <valcos>	aa perfect, then!
[9:17:20 PM IST] <polaris000>	sure, will do valcos!
[9:18:19 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> I would like to see a video of "how to use Prosoul" (and add it to the doc... :D)
[9:18:22 PM IST] <valcos>	thanks polaris000
[9:18:31 PM IST] <valcos>	good idea dlumbrer
[9:18:38 PM IST] Quit	fioddor (~quassel@139.47.72.35) has left this server (Ping timeout: 246 seconds).
[9:19:45 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I think we have a good list now
[9:19:51 PM IST] <vchrombie>	shall we plan the roadmap
[9:19:59 PM IST] <valcos>	yes, sure
[9:20:02 PM IST] <polaris000>	yes
[9:20:27 PM IST] <valcos>	vchrombie feel free to propose the roadmap
[9:20:45 PM IST] <valcos>	we can provide feedback
[9:20:47 PM IST] <vchrombie>	sure
[9:20:59 PM IST] <valcos>	thanks
[9:21:24 PM IST] <vchrombie>	meetup, pipermail (done, need to add to PR) - will be done by tomorrow
[9:21:49 PM IST] <vchrombie>	gitlab.org study, talk/presentation proposals - will be done by Saturday
[9:21:50 PM IST] Join	fioddor (~quassel@139.47.72.35) has joined this channel.
[9:22:19 PM IST] <vchrombie>	tests - next week (first priority)
[9:23:04 PM IST] <vchrombie>	next week means 27 july to 2 aug
[9:24:18 PM IST] <vchrombie>	3 to 8 aug - github, slack enricher & tests
[9:25:00 PM IST] <vchrombie>	about the quality models, I think this should develop from the discussion
[9:25:28 PM IST] <vchrombie>	we can participate in the discussion and develop them in parallel
[9:26:22 PM IST] <vchrombie>	10 to 15 aug - chaoss study and documentation
[9:28:07 PM IST] <vchrombie>	17 to 22 aug - maybe work on the end result videos and demos
[9:28:44 PM IST] <vchrombie>	from 24 aug I can work on the end report
[9:29:19 PM IST] <vchrombie>	as I am writing each week blog posts, I think & hope I can finish the end report easily
[9:29:33 PM IST] <valcos>	ok, perfect
[9:29:43 PM IST] <polaris000>	sounds OK
[9:29:48 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> I agree with the roadmap
[9:30:03 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I think I have covered almost everything
[9:30:15 PM IST] <valcos>	I have a minor comment about the gitlab.org study
[9:30:31 PM IST] <vchrombie>	sure valcos, what is that
[9:31:11 PM IST] <valcos>	i would add it also to the next week (there are plenty of repos, and the analysis and checks can take some extra days)
[9:31:29 PM IST] <vchrombie>	umm, that makes sense to me
[9:31:47 PM IST] <valcos>	ok, thanks
[9:32:05 PM IST] <valcos>	could you open an issue with this roadmap in your repo?
[9:32:17 PM IST] <valcos>	so every week it can be reviewed and make sure we are on track
[9:32:22 PM IST] <valcos>	wdyt?
[9:32:50 PM IST] <polaris000>	good idea
[9:32:58 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I was thinking of adding the results to the pycon es proposal, so thought I will try to complete by Sat
[9:33:00 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> good idea valcos
[9:33:08 PM IST] <vchrombie>	but it is good if we can put it in next week
[9:33:27 PM IST] <vchrombie>	anyway, I have results of few assessments made on gitlab
[9:33:42 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I was testing in the earlier weeks
[9:34:01 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I can put those in the proposal
[9:34:01 PM IST] <valcos>	> I was thinking of adding the results to the pycon es proposal, so thought I will try to complete by Sat
[9:34:06 PM IST] <valcos>	that's a good idea
[9:34:32 PM IST] <valcos>	but I'm not sure that we will have the complete results by Sat
[9:34:40 PM IST] <vchrombie>	thats fine valcos
[9:34:49 PM IST] <vchrombie>	the test assessments which I made earlier were also on gitlab.org projects
[9:34:55 PM IST] <vchrombie>	but only 10 I thin
[9:35:03 PM IST] <valcos>	ok, perfect then
[9:35:10 PM IST] <vchrombie>	that would be sufficient to show it in the proposal
[9:35:20 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I think that works
[9:35:34 PM IST] <vchrombie>	> could you open an issue with this roadmap in your repo?
[9:35:43 PM IST] <vchrombie>	sure valcos
[9:36:04 PM IST] <valcos>	ok, thanks!
[9:36:26 PM IST] <vchrombie>	is there anything to be discussed more?
[9:36:33 PM IST] <valcos>	the next 3 weeks it is possible that I'll have limited connectivity
[9:37:09 PM IST] <vchrombie>	ok, that's fine as now we have the roadmap ready
[9:37:16 PM IST] <valcos>	I'll try to follow the advances on the PRs and so on
[9:37:22 PM IST] <valcos>	ok, perfect :)
[9:37:27 PM IST] <vchrombie>	I think the plan is good to go
[9:38:42 PM IST] <valcos>	ok!
[9:38:47 PM IST] <vchrombie>	if there is nothing to discuss we can close the meeting
[9:38:47 PM IST] <valcos>	if there is nothing else to discuss
[9:38:48 PM IST] <vchrombie>	wdyt?
[9:38:51 PM IST] <valcos>	we can close the meeting
[9:39:01 PM IST] <vchrombie>	haha, same pinch :P
[9:39:03 PM IST] <valcos>	yes! :)
[9:39:04 PM IST] <polaris000>	yes, nothing else from my side
[9:39:05 PM IST] <valcos>	hehee
[9:39:18 PM IST] <polaris000>	haha
[9:39:37 PM IST] <valcos>	nothing from my side
[9:39:42 PM IST] <valcos>	thank you all for your time
[9:39:51 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Thank you all!
[9:39:53 PM IST] <vchrombie>	thanks for attending :)
[9:39:58 PM IST] <vchrombie>	Bye!
[9:40:02 PM IST] <valcos>	bye!
[9:40:04 PM IST] <dlumbrer	[m]> Bye!
[9:40:09 PM IST] Quit	valcos (~valcos@188.26.210.216) has left this server (Quit: Leaving).
[9:40:18 PM IST] <polaris000>	bye!
[9:40:27 PM IST] Part	polaris000 (~polaris00@124.123.172.130) has left this channel ("Konversation terminated!").
